<<<<<<< HEAD
Everything including text and images in this project are protected by the copyright laws.You are allowed to use this material for personal use but are not allowed to use it forany other purpose including publishing the images, the project files or the content in theimages in any form either digital, non-digital, textual, graphical or written formats.You are allowed to share the links to the repository or the website roadmap.sh but notthe content for any sort of usage that involves the content of this repository taken outof the repository and be shared from any other medium including but not limited to blogposts, articles, newsletters, you must get prior consent from the understated. Theseconditions do not apply to the readonly GitHub forks created using the Fork button onGitHub with the whole purpose of contributing to the project.Copyright c 2021 Kamran Ahmed <kamranahmed.se@gmail.com>Please note that I am really flexible with allowing the usage of the content in thisrepository. If you reach out to me with a brief detail of why and how you would liketo use this content, there is a good chance that I will allow you to use it. The reasonbehind this strictness in the license is to stop the people who have been using theseroadmaps in ill manners e.g. ripping people off with suggesting random affiliate links,redistributing these roadmaps just for the sake of monetizing the traffic.
=======
Everything including text and images in this project are protected by the copyright laws.
You are allowed to use this material for personal use but are not allowed to use it forany other purpose including publishing the images, the project files or the content in theimages in any form either digital, non-digital, textual, graphical or written formats.
You are allowed to share the links to the repository or the website dev.amrkaheld but notthe content for any sort of usage that involves the content of this repository taken outof the repository and be shared from any other medium including but not limited to blogposts, articles, newsletters, you must get prior consent from the understated. Theseconditions do not apply to the readonly GitHub forks created using the Fork button onGitHub with the whole purpose of contributing to the project.
Copyright c 2021 Amr Khaled <Dev.AmrKhaled@gmail.com>Please note that I am really flexible with allowing the usage of the content in thisrepository. 
If you reach out to me with a brief detail of why and how you would liketo use this content, there is a good chance that I will allow you to use it. The reasonbehind this strictness in the license is to stop the people who have been using theseroadmaps in ill manners e.g. ripping people off with suggesting random affiliate links,redistributing these roadmaps just for the sake of monetizing the traffic."
>>>>>>> c15c12e6857f9fc2023d5bf6913f51a3e6a2369c
